And so the challenge is to create
a reducer function that accepts state and
action parameter and a switch statement
that evaluates the action type.
And then based on that load,
read, create, update, delete.
And then it calls an appropriate
method yet to be finished,
that takes state and an action.payload and
then just returns state.
So, I'm going to hop into the code.
And I went ahead and
I finished this for the clients.
And I want to just
illustrate something here.
I'm gonna copy this and
I'm just gonna open a new file.
And so this is in here.
And I've taken everything
that I've done for clients.
And now I'm going to what I'm looking at
is, I need to basically pick this up.
And I need to essentially create
the equivalent for projects.
And so typically what I'll
do is I'm just going to
I almost hit the escape button,
that would have been bad.
I'm just going to go through and
I'm going to do a case sensitive find and
replace.
And now I'm certain somebody's saying,
well you shouldn't be doing that or
When you should not be doing that rather,
is that is because you're actually doing
a straight duplication of the code.
And the differences is that
it's important to make
the distinction between duplication and
convention.
And so
a lot of times we look at things and
we say like that's the exact
same thing over and over, and
if it's doing the exact same thing, so
it's one thing to do the exact same thing.
It's another thing to do it,
do the thing exactly the same.
And so it's the difference
between doing the same thing and
doing the thing exactly the same.
So I think we're good here and
the should be good to go.
Now over the course of me talking about
this convention versus repetition.
Is that I've managed to just pick this up,
change the one piece that was
different between the two.
And I'm going to put it back in.
Now, again,
what is the one thing that I changed?
Well, it's the domain model.
So the domain model is changing,
but the actions in which we're
performing are typically the same.
So for instance,
if you make a rest call, and
you're saying give me all of
the projects or all of the clients.
The mechanism to do that is
going to be exactly the same.
Because it's consistent that
whatever library you're using,
if it's axios, or it's HTTP client,
it really any REST client is going to say,
this is how we talk to a REST client.
And it's typically not
going to be any surprises.
And so the takeaway here as it
applies to enterprise programming.
Enterprise applications is
that identify the things that
are conventionally equivalent and
automate that stuff, optimize that.
Find the things that are not
conventionally equivalent.
So what are the things that typically
changes from application to application?
Well, the UI changes.
And a lot of times
the business logic changes,
you should spend 95% of your time in an
application focusing on those two pieces.
So with that said, I'm just going to pick
this up, and I'm going to come down here.
And I'm going to complete a challenge in
one fell because I have a reference and
I can follow so I'm gonna save this.
And I'm not gonna save this.
Don't save, but I will save this.
So we had two questions.
One, is what are which
is the best architecture
folder structure that I've found?
For me, I really, really, really, really,
really times 10 to the power of 10.
I like how nx organizes
their file structure.
And so that is in it's actually
baked into this and so this is.
Not only even though we're doing
Angular nx supports react,
next a bunch of stuff is that I'd
like to separate my applications into
an Apps folder, and then all of
the shared functionality into libs.
So that is a very basic folder structure,
but
it allows you to have very thin
applications with very thin components.
And then all of your business logic is
pushed away into ribs that you can share.
And so, as the saying goes is that
you want thin clients that models
the idea is to move your complexity
away from the point of consumption.
Further away, so that you can start to
share it, or treat that complexity,
really turn that into functionality,
that then becomes a platform,
in which you're able to serve,
additional applications and modules, etc.
That was,
felt like it was onto something there.
The next question is, are we going to deal
with code duplication, in our projects?
And the answer is not directly.
But in a way we already have
is that the way to avoid
code duplication is to
not have hidden state.
Now have nested logic and do not violate
the single responsibility principle.
Now with that said, there are tools
to check for copy paste detection
to get CBD or whatever but I think
that got hijacked by something else.
Copy Paste si p d and so
there are some tools to see if
there's is code duplication.
And so I would say, you know,
if that's a problem,
then you can run some kind of
static analysis on your code.
But I think by having
a proper architecture and
avoiding the axis of evil, that it really
minimizes on that potential to do so.
The next question is, after the iterators,
could you recap how each part
is related to reducer pattern?
After the iterators,
I will be happy to do that.